Yuma: Last time on
Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal
KITE: Get it in gear, orbital 7!
We're going
number hunting again.
Dr. Faker says there was an
original visitor who brought the
numbers to this planet.
I suspect, this mysterious
Visitor may have found a host in
heartland city.
Orbital 7: Remember that boy
yuma you challenged?
He was wearing
a strange pendant.
The pendant did not
come from this planet.
Really?
Orbital!
Locate Yuma and gather as much
information on him as you can.
Now which locker is yuma's?
Target identified.
Finders, keepers!
SHARK: This doesn't
belong to you.
Why don't you do yourself a
favor and hand that pendant over
to me right now!?
not a chance.
This thing isn't yours pal!
Let's duel!
I xyz summon, number 30:
Acid golem of destruction!
I activate splash capture!
Number Hunter, I now
control your acid golem
and all of its power!
Go photon stream of destruction!
It's impossible!
Galaxy-Eyes isn't a number card.
Only a number can
destroy a number.
Wrong again.
Once acid golem loses its
overlay Units, that
rule no longer applies.
You've already lost.
How's that?
Because you're still
under acid golem's curse.
I'll take that number now.
Along with
your soul as well.
Shark!
Hello, yuma.
Hey, leave that
alone - It's mine!
Oh No, he's got astral!
♪ As Life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ down and down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams from dieing ♪
♪ I hi-Five the skys ♪
♪ spread my wings say
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe...♪
♪ nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ my future is
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breathe my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'm taking a chance today ♪
shark!
C'mon!
Wake up!
Can you hear me?
Please, you gotta
snap out of it!
BRONK: Oh man, this looks bad
are you finished yet?
Almost.
The analysis is still running.
I just have to complete this
photon stream probe.
If this works, it could help us
figure out if this pendant
really does come from another
World, and just maybe what its
real purpose is.
Find out everything you can.
Dr. Faker is keeping
something from me.
But I'm going to
uncover the truth.
If dr. Faker hears
about this investigation,
he'll go ballistic.
So will I if you
don't get results.
You can count on me!
Is Shark gonna be okay?
Caswell: The doctor says there's
nothing wrong
with him physically.
Cathy: Why doesn't
he wake up then?
Because
shark's soul has been stolen.
Please, this is no
time for jokes.
I think he means it.
Don't ya yuma?
Unfortunately Yeah Caswell.
When that number Hunter Kite
wins a duel, he takes the
loser's number and their soul.
He stole something
else this time, too.
My golden key.
And astral was inside it when
Kite took it and flew off.
I have to get it back!
He lives in there?
Yeah.
I can't explain how it
works, but it's True.
As long as that key is with
me, astral is with me too.
In the end, I'm afraid your key
won't be easy to recover,
Especially if you don't know
where Kite has gone.
We'll help you find it yuma!
Sure, but how?
If that key really is special,
Kite will want to examine it.
He'll most likely want to run
some kind of computer analysis
yuma!
I think I've just figured out a
way to track down your key!
Well I'll be rebooted!
What is it?
The pendant has its own
gravitational field inside!
Its own field?
Is that possible?
Look!
The field is generating an
inter-Dimensional Link between
this world And, somewhere else.
It must be astral world.
Open that Link now, orbital.
Okey-Doke!
Mr. Kay: You want me to
track down a Crook?
We're counting on you Mr. Kay!
All you have to do is upload a
virus into the datanet and find
the computer he's using.
I don't know.
After all I'm a teacher
not a detective.
There's no way we can fail with
your programming skills!
But even so
but nothing Mr. Kay
the only way to save shark and
astral is if you help us!
May I have a word in private?
Listen.
I know you want to help.
Especially after all
the trouble you caused with
your crashbug virus.
Crashbug!
I bet you feel pretty
bad about all the chaos
you caused around the city!
Not so loud, huh?
But now's your chance to make up
for it by helping us out!
Alright
he's going to help!
Excellent!
You sure we should be hacking
into the datanet with a virus?
Sounds kind of risky.
Relax, bronk!
I promise this virus
is totally harmless.
It will simply track All datanet
searches relating to yuma's key
and then pinpoint
where they came from.
Which should lead us
directly to Kite's computer,
and to yuma's key!
All thanks to
Mr. Kay's expertise!
Crashbug!
Hey, am I wrong or does Mr.
Kay's expertise look an awful
lot like the crashbug virus?
You mean the virus that made
the city grid go haywire
I'm sure Mr. Kay had
nothing to do with that!
Did you?
You kids and your wild
imaginations!
Yes!
The virus has been
uploaded successfully!
Fingers Crossed everyone!
Crashbug!
Now go find my key!
Carbonic Laser, negative,
hydrophonic beam, thumb's down
nothing is working, master Kite!
I've tried every energy
source on this planet and
there's no response.
Then use a baria crystal.
Really?
You heard me.
It comes from the barian
World, not from this planet.
Its energy may
activate the pendant.
Great idea, but baria
crystals are rare.
I'm afraid finding one
won't be easy.
Use your crystal.
But that's my energy source!
I can't function without it!
Losing One small shard
shouldn't be a problem.
I guess not.
Here goes Nothing except my
power Supply, that is.
This baria crystal
lights up my life!
I hate to give up any
of it, but I suppose losing
a tiny bit won't hurt, much.
Okay.
Now I'll move the baria
crystal so its energy
field converges with the pendant
master Kite!
It's working!
The pendant is reacting to the
crystal's energy field!
I can't be sure, but it
appears that the pendant's
internal gravity is warping, the
readings are quite unusual.
Sir - Look!
Do you realize what
this is, orbital?
Yuma's pendant has opened up a
portal, and I bet it's a portal
to astral world!
Master?
I wish he'd learn to
look before he leaps.
Could this be astral world?
What is that?
The virus is still
searching for Kite's computer.
Come on find it!
Crashbug!
The virus has detected
something, we're in luck!
The data-Stream leads to a
warehouse that's owned by
Mr.Heartland
that's where my golden key is!
TORI: Yuma!
We meet at last.
You must be the visitor
from, astral world.
Astral: I should have guessed it
was you, Kite.
How do you know my name?
We were opponents
in a duel once.
Oh really?
That number card
it's hard for me to imagine why
you'd want to team up with a
twerp like yuma tsukumo.
At least he is no thief.
Are you not the one who
stole the golden key?
So that's what the
pendant is called
you also hunt numbers.
Why?
Why do you?
Because, numbers are fragments
of my memories.
So, you need them to remember?
That is right.
Now please tell me
why you want numbers.
I demand you answer me.
I want to learn
the numbers' secrets.
And the secrets of
astral world And barian world.
Barian?
The only way to make sure I get
the answers I need is to seize
all the numbers.
So I'm going to need you to hand
over the numbers you've
collected with yuma!
If I did that, I would never
regain my memories.
Then I'll have to
get them another way.
How about a duel?
I gotta get to that warehouse
before it's too late!
Photon Transformation go!
Hope you're good at
subtraction 'cause your about
to lose your number
if I lose this duel, I will lose
more than just my numbers.
But I cannot avoid
this challenge.
Ready!
Let's duel!
Yuma
Why're your cards
getting all glowy?
I think astral's using them!
Since you challenged me,
I will draw first!
I play a monster
facedown in defense mode!
Then I'll place another card
facedown and end my turn.
By placing gogogo golem in
defense mode, it can avoid being
destroyed by an
attack once per turn.
And then by placing my battle
break trap card, I have further
fortified my defenses.
Now when Kite attacks, this trap
will activate, destroying his
monster and ending
the battle immediately.
Go ahead and make
your move, Kite.
I am ready for you!
Brace yourself.
Here I go!
I'll start by pinning your
facedown card in place.
Lock it down reverse Buster!
When Reverse Buster
attacks, you can't activate
your spell and trap cards!
Now, reverse Buster, take out
his facedown monster!!
your gogogo
golem is a goner!
Cause I'm activating reverse
Buster's special ability!
What!?
when reverse Buster attacks a
facedown monster in defense
mode, your monster is
automatically destroyed!
And since reverse Buster's
special ability destroyed your
monster, you might want to say
your last good-Byes because your
gogogo golem can't be saved
and it gets better, because when
reverse Buster destroys a
monster that way,
it gets stronger!
2000 attack Points
If Kite uses another monster
with at least 2000 attack
points, he can tribute
them to summon galaxy
eyes photon Dragon.
Is that his
strategy or does he have
another plan for his monster?
Kite is a clever duelist.
I must be careful or
I will lose everything!
I end my turn with a facedown!
I must commend you.
It seems your dueling skills
are even more masterful
than I remember, Kite.
How flattering.
But if you're trying
to trick me into lowering
my guard, forget it.
I meant what I said.
It is clear that you are the
best duelist I have ever met.
Yet I cannot shake
This feeling that you are not
doing this for yourself.
Why is that, Kite?
Wait.
Is this a duel or are we
playing twenty questions now?
I understand why you're trying
to stall as long as possible
though, since you're losing.
I sense you are hiding
something, something that
troubles you deeply.
Enough talking!
Let's get this duel over with!
Of course.
I do wish We were not meeting
as opponents, however.
I find you fascinating.
I think you are
very much like yuma.
Like yuma?
Although I was unable to become
one with him, my time with Yuma
has helped me understand and
appreciate his spirit.
He misses his parents very much.
This longing in
yuma's heart drives him to
follow their example.
That is why he is always trying
to "high five the sky."
Yuma never gives up.
And you, think that
I'm like him.
Correct.
You're wrong!
Just one person
matters to me.
I only care about Hart!
Who is Hart?
Never mind!
Let's get back to what's
important - Dueling!
Get on with your turn!
Alright, I draw!
I now play Gogogo giant!
This monster can bring back
gogogo golem from my graveyard
in defense mode.
And since it used its special
ability, gogogo giant now has to
switch to defense mode as well.
Two level four
monsters on the field.
Interesting
he must be getting
ready to summon a number!
Without knowing the identity of
Kite's facedown card I am not
sure if I should
risk Summoning my number or
strengthen my defenses?
Since I now have two monsters in
defense mode I can activate the
spell double defender!
Now Once per turn I can negate
an attack from your monster.
Finally I will end my turn by
placing one card facedown.
I must admit I'm surprised.
I thought you'd summon utopia.
But then you'd be taking a big
risk, wouldn't you, because
you'd lose the two monsters
that are defending you.
And doing that would leave you
quite vulnerable.
Those two facedown cards you
played - They're there to
protect you aren't they?
You seem very
worried about something.
Are you scared that I'll summon
galaxy-Eyes photon Dragon?
You are scared!
As you should be!
I now play the spell
card photon hurricane!
Brace Yourself, because all the
trap and spell cards on your
field are about
to be blown away!
Hope you weren't
counting on those facedown
cards to save you!
It cannot be!
Yes, the facedown card
that made you panic so much
was nothing I
should have feared.
If only you'd had the
guts to be more aggressive
on your last turn
I would have been
in real trouble.
You're going to pay a price
for being so cautious!
Now I'm tributing reverse Buster
in order to summon photon Leo!
I activate its special ability!
Howling blow!
The end is near, because my
photon Leo's ability blows all
the cards in your hand back into
your deck and forces you to draw
the same number of cards again.
Why don't you stop your
stalling and get drawing!
I'm afraid you'll
have to totally rethink
your strategy now.
Or you could just give up.
It's clear you don't have what
it takes to win this duel.
You're too scared of losing.
Move it, you guys!
Hello
Open up!
I know you're in there, Kite!
Yuma!
Look at your deck.
Astral's still dueling.
I have to get in and help him!
What're you so worried about?
I'm worried cause
he's dueling Kite.
And he can't win alone!
So who's this dude Kite again?
He's a number Hunter, bronk.
Gotta hurry!
Hey!
Hey Kite lemme in!
Now I'll make photon Leo even
stronger with the equip spell
photon, Spear!
Now when photon Leo attacks your
monster in defense mode, if my
monster is stronger than yours,
the point difference is dealt to
you as damage!
Photon Leo, stick
it to gogogo giant!
Silver Spear strike!
Kite was correct.
I have been so anxious about
losing this duel, that I focused
all my attention on not losing.
I never gave serious
thought to how to win.
C'mon, open!
It won't budge
give us a hand you guys!
All together!
Wow, I guess we're
stronger than I thought.
I uploaded a new virus to crash
the warehouse security system.
You should be all clear now.
Thanks Mr. Kay, you rock!
Now Let's move in!
Hello Master Kite!
Can you hear me?
I hope he's okay
because there's no
way I'm leaping into that
thing to rescue him!
Crashbug!
What's this?
Uh-Oh we're being hacked!
I had better update my
anti-Virus software!
It's too late!
The whole system is crashing!
Master Kite will not be pleased.
Announcement: security breach in
sector three.
security breach in sector three
it's yuma, how did they
get in here!?
I'm going to need a
lot of new parts AFTER
Kite Hears about this.
You know you're going to lose.
Why don't you
accept the inevitable?
Call it quits and give
me all your numbers.
No, I will not quit.
While you were sounding off I
remembered some Very wise advice
I once heard from
a friend of mine.
Prepare yourself number Hunter
because I am feeling the flow!